[Music]
maybe it's time Olivia
[Applause]
baby it's time to do
[Music]
takes luck to change main Hill it takes
love to try
[Music]
you know man in the old days I always
knew like you were gonna do something
that you'd be alright it's the first
time I'm worried about you can I ask you
a personal question okay tell me
something good do you write songs or
anything
I don't sing my own songs why I just
don't feel comfortable why wouldn't you
feel comfortable almost every single
person has told me they like the way I
sounded but that they didn't like the
way I look I think you're beautiful
[Music]
Hey what I just wanna take another look
at you
you know the good times I find myself
food change isn't gonna do become sing
that song that I love oh yeah
sister are you gonna do
[Music]
[Applause]
we're far from the shell
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]